[Music]
[Music] then Jonah prayed to the Lord his God
then Jonah prayed to the Lord his God
then Jonah prayed to the Lord his God from the fish's belly I cried out to the
from the fish's belly I cried out to the
from the fish's belly I cried out to the Lord because of my affliction and he
Lord because of my affliction and he
Lord because of my affliction and he answered me out of the belly of Sheol I
answered me out of the belly of Sheol I
answered me out of the belly of Sheol I cried and you heard my voice for you
cried and you heard my voice for you
cried and you heard my voice for you cast me into the deep into the heart of
cast me into the deep into the heart of
cast me into the deep into the heart of the Seas and the floods surrounded me
the Seas and the floods surrounded me
the Seas and the floods surrounded me all your billows and your waves passed
all your billows and your waves passed
all your billows and your waves passed over me then I said I have been cast out
over me then I said I have been cast out
over me then I said I have been cast out of your sight yet I will look again
of your sight yet I will look again
of your sight yet I will look again toward your holy temple the water
toward your holy temple the water
toward your holy temple the water surrounded me even to my soul the deep
surrounded me even to my soul the deep
surrounded me even to my soul the deep closed around me weeds were wrapped
closed around me weeds were wrapped
closed around me weeds were wrapped around my head I went down to the
around my head I went down to the
around my head I went down to the moorings of the mountains the earth with
moorings of the mountains the earth with
moorings of the mountains the earth with its bars closed behind me forever
its bars closed behind me forever
its bars closed behind me forever you have brought up my life from the pit
you have brought up my life from the pit
you have brought up my life from the pit o Lord my God when my soul fainted
o Lord my God when my soul fainted
o Lord my God when my soul fainted within me I remembered
within me I remembered
within me I remembered and my prayer went up to you into your
and my prayer went up to you into your
and my prayer went up to you into your holy temple those who regard worthless
holy temple those who regard worthless
holy temple those who regard worthless idols forsake their own mercy but I will
idols forsake their own mercy but I will
idols forsake their own mercy but I will sacrifice to you with the voice of
sacrifice to you with the voice of
sacrifice to you with the voice of Thanksgiving I will pay what I have
Thanksgiving I will pay what I have
Thanksgiving I will pay what I have found
found
found [Music]
[Music]
[Music] salvation is of the Lord
salvation is of the Lord
salvation is of the Lord so the Lord spoke to the fish and it
so the Lord spoke to the fish and it
so the Lord spoke to the fish and it vomited Jonah onto dry land